unzip: refresh page (#7997)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/unzip.md

# unzip

> > Extract compressed files/directories from zip archives.

Reviewer: It's either ``` `.zip` ``` or `ZIP`. (source: Wikipedia)

> > Extract compressed files/directories from .zip archives.

Reviewer 2: Files in a ZIP archive aren't necessarily compressed (and directories can't be).

```suggestion
> Extract files/directories from ZIP archives.
```

> See also: `zip`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/unzip>.

> - Extract files/directories from specific archives:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extract all files/directories from specific archives into the current directory:
```
Or maybe even
```suggestion
- Extract specific archives to the current directory:
```

> `unzip {{path/to/archive1 path/to/archive2 ...}}`

Reviewer: I totally get your point, that we should use more paths to show that the command can handle multiple files at once. On the other side, tough, I think this just makes the examples longer and a tiny little harder to understand. In the end we should write the examples in a way that is most useful to the user. And in 99% of the cases you want to unzip just one single archive.

> `unzip {{path/to/archive1 path/to/archive2 ...}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`unzip {{path/to/archive1.zip path/to/archive2.zip ...}}`
```

- Extract files/directories from archives to a specific path:

> `unzip {{path/to/archive1 path/to/archive2 ...}} -d {{path/to/output}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`unzip {{path/to/archive1.zip path/to/archive2.zip ...}} -d {{path/to/output}}`
```

> - Extract files/directories from archives to stdout alongside extracted file/directory names:

Reviewer: This sounds a little like without this option, the command doesn't print the file names to stdout. How about
```suggestion
- Extract files/directories from archives to `stdout`:
```

> `unzip -c {{path/to/archive1 path/to/archive2 ...}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`unzip -c {{path/to/archive1.zip path/to/archive2.zip ...}}`
```

> - Extract files/directories from archives created on Windows containing files/directories with non-ASCII (e.g. Chinese or Japanese characters) names:

Reviewer: I think we can shorten this a bit.
```suggestion
- Extract files/directories from archives created on Windows containing non-ASCII file names:
```

> `unzip -O {{gbk}} {{path/to/archive1 path/to/archive2 ...}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`unzip -O {{gbk}} {{path/to/archive1.zip path/to/archive2.zip ...}}`
```

> - Print a specific archive contents:

Reviewer 3: How about ?
```suggestion
- Print contents of a specific archive :
```

> - Print contents of a specific archive:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- List the contents of a specific archive without extracting:
```

Still think the origin version is better to understand.

Author: What about using `list` verb just for cases when we are printing `\n` separated items and `print` for the others?

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- List the contents of a specific archive without extracting them:
```
